Hello again my friend.
In this video I'm going to show you how to get the most from this course by showing you how to get help
where to ask questions and how to share your progress.
And the first thing on a show is where to find resource links because you hear us from time to time
say something like we've given you a link against this lecture.
What does that mean.
Well if you have a look within you to me you see up in the top left although to be honest Udemy changes
this around so sometimes it might be top right.
But look for it says resources available and you can click on the little hamburger key thing there and
that will expand out all of the videos and the links that we've given you for each of the videos so
you can see in blue these links you can click on and say for our install Visual Studio code lecture
I'm giving you a link for where you can download Visual Studio code.
You click on that and that takes you to the place that's pretty straightforward.
What we do as well is we will link you to places where if you have any questions you can go to that
specific point and ask your questions or if we've given you a request to share your challenge answer
or share ideas or show you what your work.
Then they'll also be links against a particular lecture.
So you see one of my previous videos here.
It says this lectures discussions if I click on that it will take me to the game dev TV community site
where it takes me to that particular post that's relevant for this video.
It will pre populate it with some tags.
And I've written a note in here.
Hey do you have any questions about what we're building in this course in terms of the game design.
You can click reply and say I would like to know such and such.
If you've got a question or if it's been a video about code might say my code is not working here is
the code.
Now if you do have problem with your game with your project try to take some screenshots of what's going
on screenshots of your inspector or of your hierarchy and also paste in your code so we can see exactly
what's going on.
Seniors click on reply and that would reply to this post with your particular question or idea or I'm
just gonna get rid of this one so it's not sitting there cluttering things up so that is where you answer
that you can also go just anywhere within the community site if I click on the community button up on
the top here it'll take me to the main page for our community site you can see we've got unity discussions
blender unreal and a whole bunch of our other courses in here that you can talk about we're interested
in unity you might want to go have a look at what people are showcasing by clicking on show.
You might want to look at the questions or ask a general question that might not be related to a specific
lecture that's fine or just talk about something hey I've got this idea for a thing or what do you think
about the latest changes to what unity is rolling out at the moment.
So if you click on say the talk button here then I'll take you into all of the recent topics to do with
what people are talking about.
You want to create a new discussion topic just up to the top right click on new topic right.
In what the title is and you're often racing in terms of posting to our forum which is great.
Now when you first line on this site it might ask you for a social log in or some way just to retain
your presence on this particular site.
It's totally up to you.
You don't have to be part of this community.
It's here to help you and to make your journey a lot better your learning journey a lot smoother.
So it's up to you whether you want to interact or not.
It is completely optional.
Just want to be clear on that and then back to the Udemy lecture here.
The other thing I wanted to point out that for nearly every lecture particularly , im going to scroll later
on into the future a little bit you haven't got to this section yet but for any lecture where we change
our code we will give you a link to our github repo.
It might say something like github repo for this lecture or lecture.
Project changes or just git hub if you click on that it will take you to our repository.
That's what repo stands for is short for sorry.
And we'll take you to the state in our project at that particular point in time.
And you can have a look at our project.
You can click into it maybe look at the assets if you want to check out some scripts because your particularly
interested in what was the the thing that we've implemented my script doesn't match your script or what's
going on.
Then you can navigate navigate around our project and have a look at exactly the state of our project
at this point.
So that should be against pretty much every lecture you'll see that something to the github or this
lectures changes.
Now I've jumped into the community site but I want to show you the places that you can ask or show your
work.
We've talked about the GameDev.TV Community Forum.
There's also the Q and A section on this platform this platform being Udemy.
So within the Udemy mechanism here or this close up my resources down the bottom.
And again this has changed recently.
It used to be in the right I think.
But you'll see somewhere browse Q and A.
If you click on that it will show you all of the questions that people have asked for this particular
lecture and that's great because someone might have already asked and answered the question that you've
got.
This is a great place.
If you've got a quick question or if you've got something to do with the video that didn't work or didn't
make sense that you want to be very clear that it's to do with this exact video.
This is a great place to ask it.
And so the way to ask a question is just click on the Ask a new question button if it is a question
we request that you put in square brackets.
QUESTION Actually if you lies it it's even nifty to question how to improve my games such and such such
and such is a fancy way of saying you know insert a thing here that's a placeholder terminology and
then you would write in your question putting in screenshots if you've got any again pasting code etc..
And it's briefly while on the Udemy player if you go down the bottom left or it might change but at
the moment it's bottom left you see the playback right.
We find a lot of people to our videos are at a faster speed one point to five for example if you want
to get through it more quickly if you're more comfortable with the topic or if your English is not your
first language perhaps slowing it down to point seventy five.
That can be useful as well.
Okay.
So we've talked about Q and A section on udemy.
We also have a GameDev TV Facebook group if you're more comfortable with Facebook.
This is a great place for us to hang out and have a chat.
I've given you a link to this as well against this lecture in here you can see what people are talking
about someone celebrating the fact that they've finished one of our courses that's called sharing their
game sharing screenshots of their game getting feedback saying hey what do you think about this what's
going on.
Just a whole bunch of stuff that people are sharing on there and then the fourth thing I wanted to show
you in here is discord might be comfortable discord It's a chat server and I've given you a link that
will take you to an invitation click on except invite look for the either the C sharp conversation or
the unity conversation you see click on unity.
This is people chatting in real time so that is a really great spot to hang out.
Okay.
The other thing you might have noticed so far is that we from time to time put up the challenge slide
it's got the green border and the little pause the video symbols down the bottom the challenge I've
got for you in this video is to name the donkeys.
This has been our favorite challenge from the RPG cause for a little while now is to find the link against
this lecture to our name
The donkeys community post and add your answer for what you think the donkeys should be called and just
a hint.
Sam and Rick.
It has already been mentioned so you can cowboys something even cleverer than that so that's a challenge
when you have done that jump back here.
I'll quickly show you myself going through the challenge and then it'll be time for the next video.
OK so I haven't posted my video yet but I would click I'm at the top left I'd find the video click on
the link that says find the donkeys or name the donkey sorry.
That will take me to this page from this page you can see that here are a couple of donkeys that originally
Ben posted this.
I'm going to scroll all the way down the bottom because lots of our cool community has already had a
bit of a stab at naming these donkeys.
When I click on reply and here I'm going to say I think they should be called not Rick and not Sam.
Look at how how creative that is not very then click on reply.
And by being better boom there is my response on the community forum.
So there we have it.
The four main ways that you can get support while going through this course please do ask questions
please do share your progress.
That's how you get the most out of this course.
We'd love to see you succeed.
We'd love to see you make some great games in the future that we can play.
So great work and I will see you in an upcoming video.